1) What is cloud ?
->    Cloud computing is the on-demand availability of computer system resources, especially data storage (cloud storage) and
 computing power, without direct active management by the user. 
... Cloud computing relies on sharing of resources to achieve coherence and economies of scale.

Cloud computing is the on-demand delivery of IT resources over the Internet with pay-as-you-go pricing.
 Instead of buying, owning, and maintaining physical data centers and servers, you can access technology services, 
such as computing power, storage, and databases, on an as-needed basis from a cloud provider like Amazon Web Services (AWS)



2)  Advantages of cloud ???
->    1. Less Costs
The services are free from capital expenditure. There are no huge costs of hardware in cloud computing. You just have to pay as you operate it and enjoy the
 model based on your subscription plan.

2. 24 X 7 Availability
Most of the cloud providers are truly reliable in offering their services, with most of them maintaining an uptime of 99.9%. 
The workers can get onto the applications needed basically from anywhere. Some of the applications even function off-line.

3. Flexibility in Capacity
It offers flexible facility which could be turned off, up or down as per the circumstances of the user. For instance, a promotion of sales is very popular,
 capacity can be immediately and quickly added to it for the avoidance of losing sales and crashing servers. When those sales are done, the capacity can also 
be shrunk for the reduction of costs.

4. All over Functioning
Cloud computing offers yet another advantage of working from anywhere across the globe, as long as you have an internet connection. 
Even while using the critical cloud services that offer mobile apps, there is no limitation of the device used.

5. Automated Updates on Software
In cloud computing, the server suppliers regularly update your software including the updates on security, so that you do not need to agonize on wasting
 your crucial time on maintaining the system. You find extra time to focus on the important things like ‘How to grow your businesses.

6. Security
Cloud computing offers great security when any sensitive data has been lost. As the data is stored in the system, it can be easily accessed even if something 
happens to your computer. You can even remotely wipe out data from the lost machines for avoiding it getting in the wrong hands.

7. Carbon Footprint
Cloud computing is helping out organizations to reduce their carbon footprint. Organizations utilize only the amount of resources they need, which helps 
them to avoid any over-provisioning. Hence, no waste of resources and thus energy.

8. Enhanced Collaboration
Cloud applications enhance collaboration by authorizing diverse groups of people virtually meet and exchange information with the help of shared storage. 
Such capability helps in improving the customer service and product development and also reducing the marketing time.

9. Control on the Documents
Before cloud came into being, workers needed to send files in and out as the email attachments for being worked on by a single user at one time ultimately 
ending up with a mess of contrary titles, formats, and file content. Moving to cloud computing has facilitated central file storage.

10. Easily Manageable
Cloud computing offers simplified and enhanced IT maintenance and management capacities by agreements backed by SLA, central resource administration and 
managed infrastructure. You get to enjoy a basic user interface without any requirement for installation. Plus you are assured guaranteed and timely management,
 maintenance, and delivery of the IT services.

Even the few of these advantages of cloud computing might be enough to persuade businesses to move onto the cloud computing services. But when summed up 
all of these 10, it is accosting no-brainer domain.




3) Types of cloud ?

->    Public Cloud – Whole computing infrastructure is located on the premises of a cloud computing company that offers the cloud service.

Private Cloud – Hosting all your computing infrastructure yourself and is not shared. The security and control level is highest while using a private network.

Hybrid Cloud – using both private and public clouds, depending on their purpose. You host your most important applications on your own servers to keep them 
more secure and secondary applications elsewhere.



4) What is an EC2 in aws?
->    Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) is a web service that provides secure, resizable compute capacity in the cloud. It is designed to make
 web-scale cloud computing easier for developers. Amazon EC2’s simple web service interface allows you to obtain and configure capacity with minimal 
friction. It provides you with complete control of your computing resources and lets you run on Amazon’s proven computing enviro